Oh boss Mon is it okay if I bring
someone to your parents anniversary
party
June who's the guy well his name's
Parker and I met him at the dry cleaners
ooh did he put a little starch in your
bloomers who said that he's really great
though he has this incredible zest for
life and he treats me like a queen
except at night when he treats me like
the naughty girl I am oh by the way
would it be okay if I give the toast to
mom and dad this year uh yeah you sure
you want to after what happened at their
20th yeah I really like you okay
hopefully this time mom won't boo you
yes every year Ross makes a toast and
it's always really moving and always
makes them cry well this year I'm gonna
make them cry and you you wonder why
Ross is their favorite
no really any time Ross makes a toast
everyone cries and hugs him and Pat's
him on the back and they all come to me
and say God you are brother you know
what they're gonna say this year God you
well I can promise here at least one
person will be crying you know I'm an
actor and any actor worth his salt can
cry on cue really can do that oh you
kidding me watch
I can't do with you guys watching me
this way
all right
hey oh my god you look so fantastic on
my way over I pictured what you would
look like in my mind's eye and now I'm
like mind's eye you had no idea let's do
that again okay
are you doing oh I'm working on my toes
for the party or as I like to call it
sob fest 2002 oh I can't wait to see
them cry ah it's not gonna be like
regular crying it's gonna be like terms
of endearment crying I'm gonna reduce my
parents to sniffling quaking masses of I
may have some unresolved anger from my
childhood